
What is a RNN??
RNN means Recurrent Neural Networks designed to handle a sequence of data
RNN has loops allowing them to use information from past, 
They remember inputs from previous steps,allowing them to analyze context in data like word in sentences

What's a loop??
We call this loop a "hidden state", each hidden state carries what the model has learned from the previos inputs
impossible to catch a dependency on the data

Setups:
1.Sequence to sequence 
Here a input of sequence is given and the output is also a sequence
one of the example is stock prices

2.Sequence to Vector
Here a input of sequence is given and the output is a vector for example We
can give a sequence of reviews and it will provide a sentiment score

3.Vector to sequence
In this a vector is given with a expected series of output such as caption generator

4.Encoder Decoder
Here we feed the encoder data into the RNN and it provides with an vector which is decoded
to provide a series of outputs

Issues:
The main issue with the RNN model is that the gradients become very small or very large 
to address these issues the experts have come with different RNN architectures 
such as "Gated Recurrent Units [GRU]" and "Long Short Term Memory [LSTM]" 

What is an LSTM??
LSTM or otherwise knows as Long Short Term Memory is a type of RNN
which adds an internal state into the RNN node to solve the Long Term Memory problem

What is the Internal State??
The internal state is actually a cell known as an LSTM Cell which consists of three parts of gates 
i.e Forget, Input, Output Gate 

Forget Gate: It finds out what part can be forgotten .
Input Gate: What new information should be added or removed .
Output Gate: It finds out of all the information what exactly is the output

These Gates can be assigned a number between 0 to 1 , 0 meaning the gate is closed and vice versa

Use cases of LSTM:
Machine Translation, Q/A Chatbots

What is a CNN??
CNN or otherwise known as Convolutional Neural Network is a area of deep learning
specializing in pattern recognition.The pattern recognition is performed by "filters" inside the nodes.
A filter is usually a three by three block in which we can specify what to look for.

What is pooling??
Pooling is a process in when the array of numbers outputed by the filter are joined .
This is to obtain a better understanding of what the image is of.
